Added index and cluster settings related to RW separation (#9634)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/cluster-settings.md

    - `REPLICA_FIRST` – Replica shards are relocated first, before primary shards. This prioritization may help prevent a cluster's health status from going red when carrying out shard relocation in a mixed-version, segment-replication-enabled OpenSearch cluster. In this situation, primary shards relocated to OpenSearch nodes of a newer version could try to copy segment files to replica shards on an older version of OpenSearch, which would result in shard failure. Relocating replica shards first may help to avoid this in multi-version clusters. 
    - `NO_PREFERENCE` – The default behavior in which the order of shard relocation has no importance. 

> - `cluster.routing.search_replica.strict` (Dynamic, Boolean): Controls how search requests are routed when search replica shards exist for an index, such as when `index.number_of_search_replicas` is greater than `0`. This setting applies only when search replicas are configured for an index. When set to `true`, all search requests for such indices are routed only to search replica shards. If search replicas are unassigned, the requests fail. When set to `false`, if search replicas are unassigned, requests fall back to any available shard. Default is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cluster.routing.search_replica.strict` (Dynamic, Boolean): Controls how search requests are routed when search replica shards exist for an index, such as when `index.number_of_search_replicas` is greater than `0`. This setting applies only when search replicas are configured for an index. When set to `true`, all search requests for such indexes are routed only to search replica shards. If search replicas are unassigned, the requests fail. When set to `false`, if search replicas are unassigned, requests fall back to any available shard. Default is `true`.
```

> - `cluster.routing.search_replica.strict` (Dynamic, Boolean): Controls how search requests are routed when search replica shards exist for an index (i.e., when `index.number_of_search_replicas` is greater than 0). This setting is only applicable when search replicas are configured for an index. When set to `true`, all search requests for such indices are routed only to search replica shards. If search replicas are unassigned, the requests will fail. When set to `false`, if search replicas are unassigned, requests will fall back to any available shard. Default is `true`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `cluster.routing.search_replica.strict` (Dynamic, Boolean): Controls how search requests are routed when search replica shards exist for an index, such as when `index.number_of_search_replicas` is greater than `0`. This setting applies only when search replicas are configured for an index. 
    When set to `true`, all search requests for such indices are routed only to search replica shards. If search replicas are unassigned, the requests fail. 
    When set to `false`, if search replicas are unassigned, requests fall back to any available shard. The default is true.
```
